# Abstract v0 (Pre-application | Team Application)
By enabling dialogue among countries destabilized after 2nd World War, the UN surpasses the symbol of an international organization to be a place where humans with divergent minds can find social and economic consensus for the planet. 2020 is a symbolic year, not only because of COVID-19 pandemic – which represents this common historical global experience, which all humans alive will remember for generations – but also because its implications will guide human society across the globe through waves of change.

Back to AIS hackathon, we are a team of diverse backgrounds and thoughts, united by this simple interest: be actively part of the global change. We work every day in Brazil to bring technology and innovation to people in businesses by democratizing knowledge, collaborating with open innovation in the country and finding new creative ways to bring creative solutions to the world. Sometimes we fail, but experience and learning are our best efforts to bring discussions of change in our communities.

We have been studying open data in different scenarios: satellite imagery, weather monitoring, traffic, CO2 emission and social networks. AIS and VHF data are no new concepts for us, but, in our perspective, the challenge will be to enrich the models from different sources and industries, to create an intelligence to support UN economic, equality, sustainability and climate change discussions worldwide. We believe that an UN score for marine traffic with different points of view and categories could be another tool to support your endeavor to find consensus for a better world.




# Abstract v1.0 (Registration | Application Submission)
By enabling dialogue among countries destabilized after 2nd World War, the UN surpasses the symbol of an international organization to be a place where humans with divergent minds can find social and economic consensus for the planet. 2020 is a symbolic year, not only because of COVID-19 pandemic – which represents this common historical global experience, which all humans alive will remember for generations – but also because its implications will guide human society across the globe through waves of change.

Back to AIS hackathon, we are a team of diverse backgrounds and thoughts, united by this simple interest: be actively part of the global change. We work every day in Brazil to bring technology and innovation to people in businesses by democratizing knowledge, collaborating with open innovation in the country and finding new ways to bring creative solutions to the world. Sometimes we fail, but experience and learning are our best efforts to bring discussions of change in our communities.

We have been studying open data in different scenarios: satellite imagery, weather monitoring, traffic, CO2 emission and social networks. AIS and VHF data are no new concepts for us, but, in our perspective, the challenge will be to enrich the models from different sources and industries, to create an intelligence to support UN’s economic, equality, sustainability and climate change discussions worldwide. Our goal is to compound an UN score for marine traffic, a tool that will support your endeavor within private entities and countries for a better world.

The UN score will help to manage risks in 4 domains: ships, crew, cargo, and sanitation. In each domain we are considering specific datasets to enrich AIS data and to deliver analysis to help decision making. In the 1st domain, the UN ship score, we are dealing with satellite imagery data, weather conditions, CO2 consumption, trip itinerary and incidents, telecommunication, and maintenance. Our main hypothesis here is: is it possible to measure the risk a ship has along the way? The 2nd score perspective, the UN crew score, we are using external data of weather conditions, trip itinerary and incidents, prostitution, human trafficking, mental conditions, wearable measurements, and social media. Our greatest hypothesis with this score is: is it possible to know mental and physical risks is a specific travel for a human being? The 3rd, the UN cargo score, we are using weather datasets, trip itinerary and incidents, and ships maintenance data to help discover whether the travel will impact cargo’s (product) quality. Last, but not least, the 4th component, the UN sanitation score, we are considering datasets such as infectious diseases, plagues, animal infestation and migration, and ships conditions. The idea is to help countries all over the world manage sanitary risks with data by analyzing reproduction, propagation, and transmission. Our main hypothesis is: are we able to help prevent and to get prepared for the next COVID-19 like crisis?




# Abstract v1.1 (Registration | Application Submission)
The UN's essential role in establishing a dialogue among countries all over the world enabled its transformation by transcending its position of an international organization to become a place where humans with divergent minds can find social and economic consensus for the planet. 2020 is a symbolic year, not only because the COVID-19 pandemic represents a collective historical global experience, which all humans alive will remember for generations, but also because its implications will guide human society across the globe through waves of change.

In this sense, we are a multidisciplinary team composed of the most diverse backgrounds, united by this simple interest: be actively part of the global change. We work every day to ensure technology and innovation will bring benefits to all people by democratizing knowledge, collaborating with open innovation solutions, and finding new ways to bring creative solutions to the world. In every aspect we bring experience, knowledge, and an open mind to assess all the possibilities to have the best results.

We have been studying open data in different scenarios: satellite imagery, weather monitoring, traffic, CO2 emission and social networks. AIS and VHF data are no new concepts for us, but, in our perspective, there will be a challenge in how to enrich the models from different sources and industries, to create an intelligent score to support UN’s economic, equality, sustainability and climate change discussions worldwide. Our goal is to compound a score for marine traffic, a tool that will support all relevant parties in providing effective actions to ensure a safer environment to all related activities.

This score will help to manage risks in 4 domains: ships, crew, cargo, and health-related aspects. In each domain we are considering specific datasets to enrich AIS data and to deliver analysis to help decision making. The idea is to help all involved parties over the world to manage the risks related to their operations and to conduct effective actions based on data. And by creating this tool we may be able to answer the main question: "are we able to help prevent and to get prepared for the next COVID-19 like crisis?"
